i moogle I'm work in moxie and I'm
working on ipfs now Giuseppe a face so
basically I'm gonna run you through some
things I've been working on and some of
them I've managed to finish so the pull
request is up Viktor already I did some
review so basically what I want to
wanted to improve is like first the
Karma tests and actually the browser
build so basically I wanted to be able
to do something like this I don't know
if you can see so I started with this
issue explaining some stuff that we can
improve but the the basic stuff was
improving karma and browser builds and
trying to follow those rules up top so
the new commands would be able would run
the original CL eyes from web pack and
whatever bundle we need and also from
karma so we can we are able to basically
redirect anything we want extra to the
original CLI and that basically allow us
to do stuff like that so right now
everything is behind a flag that it's
that one - /ek so it's enable
experimental karma and the rest this
stuff here I don't know what's due after
the all this stuff is being redirected
like directly to karma CLI so in Travis
or whatever we can just add more stuff
to fit our needs without needing they
need to change the actual code so so
yeah basically just the redirects to the
shell process
so with this
I'm able to be running the tests on two
browsers chrome and firefox now the main
thing is actually we have an error so
that's normal right and we need to be
able to just click and it's right on the
line we need to fix so we do this go
again and it should be running again and
then it's done so this was the main
objective and it's done it's still not
merge but hopefully victor will have
time to review all this and merge and it
will for the time being be behind the
flag the browser bills are also behind a
flag but that should be easy to find out
and another thing that's in the in the
process of doing this I managed to
achieve is like this situation right now
I fork the ipfs and publish a package so
I can show you how this works and
basically right now with unpacked I
don't know if you know it but it's like
a CDF connected directly to NPM and with
this API FSHD it's my fork so we can
just do if you want to do some kind of
projects like a Dem or something you can
just do this and it redirects directly
to the browser bundle like a standalone
browser bundle that's as everything and
so basically the package is this I did
the same for GES deliver so we can you
can do exactly the same or if you want
you can just use the direct link
another cool thing that would be kind of
helpful for some demo like Diogo
presented it's this example I don't know
if you can read the URL but this is
actually connected to the actual people
so if we change stuff in the repo we
also change this example and anyone that
wants to like play with ipfs we can just
link this on the readme or wherever we
want and they click it they open this
stuff if they change anything
this Forks and they can play with it and
make the demos make whatever you want so
this would be a good tool to like port
our examples to be easy to enter and
play with our examples because with this
we don't even need to clone the repo we
don't nothing and this is one of the
main web editors that people are using
right now it's pretty complete and you
can do a lot of stuff like linking and
actually running tests and whatever so
it could be a good entry point for a new
person that wants to understand our why
PFS works and other ripples that we that
we have and it's quite easy to start
yeah so this is one one other example
but it's basically the same just a
different web editor but this this one
doesn't allow you to connect directly to
to the github repo and as you can see
this goes directly to this everything is
in here as I show you the work the URL
can be just this and
as you normally would you do whatever
you want inside your JavaScript files so
one other thing I wanted to show you is
so basically those who are else we can
make them work just by putting this
stuff here the specific path to
unpackage and for Jas deliverer and it
works automatically and whether one
other thing it's like the bundles or the
butler's we are in a kind of weird
situation right now because if I I think
I have the yeah boy let me just run
if you want to build something we like
BFS as you see it's like two megabytes
and if you use the bundle directly it
will be exactly this all bundled in one
file so this is not not the the the most
optimized thing to do right because a
lot of lot of stuff that we use like a
sink and low lash and other stuff you
actually may be using in your in your
application in your bundle and this can
be all I stood by web pack and not
replicated inside your your dependency
bundles so this is kind of strange right
now because most examples just assume we
have a bundle like I show you on the
others example and other examples they
use a standalone bundle everything here
is in one file and the bundler just
concatenates that file in the other
stuff you have in your application but
actually the best way to do it it's to
run your BA your like build command
through our source code and then it web
pack and whatever you like roll-up or
whatever we'll try to optimize and your
banner will be much much much smaller so
the thing is kind of its kind of strange
out how to set up this so it's easier
for anyone trying to use ipfs in in the
beginning because what you we need we
have a lot of keys on packages that we
can use it we have module and we are
browser when we have main and all this
stuff bundlers assume and use it
according to some rules but to to be
easy we need to have some good defaults
here so people can more easily use and
on their on their application but right
now
we don't have many options like we
really need to only have main until
people go directly to main and let web
browser do their thing and don't care
about it much more but no I would need
another one let me just open right now
one one of the boiler plates that people
use it's the the react stuff so
basically either we tell people to do
this and go directly to the to the
bundle and it's easy because we cannot
use the like the browser key on packages
and to point to this one if we could use
it would be we will put there and people
didn't need to do this stuff on their
own configuration but right now it's the
most sane way in my opinion is to either
explain stuff to people like if you want
to use the bundle and don't care how
stuff gets bundled you just do that in
your configuration it and it is done if
you want to really optimize your
application in your run bundle you need
to run bubble and a web pack through
ipfs entirely and the dependencies and
actually the next version of create
react create to care top will do that
because that's the way the community is
going it's like to bundle and run Bible
through all the dependencies so you can
have the most optimized bundle you can
have
but still you still still have some work
to do to optimize our our own bundles so
big you can see that this dependency has
low Bosch entirely there and all our
last packages are all over the place
there we have a couple of new -
duplications in here and we should try
to improve this so can others building
applications on top of this can also
benefit from it and I have smaller
bundles and faster applications so this
is actually one of the things I really
care about to optimize things so others
can also benefit from it and also my
main tests on ipfs are all will related
to browsers so this is actually actually
important for my current work so that's
what I've been working on and that's it
[Applause]
one more thing that that's actually
important so this year in any repo right
now as you we are started using Bible to
run all our code or transpile our code
we can just add browser lists hopefully
some of you know this works you define
your the browser you want to support and
our current of you are our experimental
configuration right now we'll know about
this you just need to put this this on
your repo on your package JSON or
browser least RC file or whatever and
our aja CLI will pick this up and when
you do the bundle it will follow those
rules and only support and polyfill
whatever browser browsers you have there
so you can have different configurations
like for the Bell
so you have you can run your tests
faster you can in you can have different
configurations and for production when
someone does a release it will use the
bottom configuration and you can put
this anywhere on your repos
you can also over eyes the whole Bible
configuration putting above LRC on your
repos and also where Park and karma
configurations can be customized we
using the Asian file that's most people
already have so everything works
together it can be customized it's
pretty flexible so that's it
[Applause]